feat(New Notifications components): notifications list & notification (#1418)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Molecules/NotificationListNew.stories.mdx

import { NotificationListNew } from '@codecademy/gamut/src';
import title from '@codecademy/macros/lib/title.macro';
import { Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/dist/blocks';

import { PropsTable } from '~styleguide/blocks';

> import { examples } from './NotificationList.stories.mdx';

Author: Once we deprecate NotificationList +/or modify the example Notifications more to tailor the new notifications, we can move the examples out of the old stories component

<Meta
  title={title}
  component={NotificationListNew}
  parameters={{
    subtitle: '',
    source: 'gamut',
    status: '',
    figmaId: '',
  }}
  args={{
    handleDismiss: () => console.log('dismiss'),
    notifications: examples,
  }}
/>

> New notifications list component. Icon depends on notification type, else default bell icon displayed.

Reviewer: This is pretty terse; maybe a more approachable phrasing?

```suggestion
New notifications list component. Each notification has in icon depending on its notification type, defaulting to a bell icon if none is provided.
```

Author: that definitely reads better; thanks! updated
